Cooper Senior

CSCI 468

04/30/2024

### Compilers Capstone Portfolio

# Section 1: Program

A source.zip file of the final repository can be found in the capstone directory.

# Section 2: Teamwork

I worked with one teammate to complete the capstone project. He was responsible for creating the technical writing document explaining the features of the Catscript programming language. This document didn’t take very long to complete in comparison to the code implementation. He was also tasked with creating addition unit tests to verify the accuracy of my implementation of the compiler. He created 3 additional tests that I ran against my code to see if any additional bugs could be found. These tests followed existing format, so they didn’t take very long to create.

I was responsible for the whole implementation of the compiler. This majority of the time to complete since there was a lot of work to be done throughout the semester. The first section was to work with the skeleton code and complete the tokenizer. The next step was completing the implementation for the parser. Once those basic sections were completed the next tests to complete involved evaluating the expressions using the tokens and parse elements generated by the functions written previously. The last step of the parser was generating bytecode primarily by writing a compile method on each of the expression and statement classes.

# Section 3: Design pattern

Identify one design pattern that was used in your capstone project and describe exactly where in the code it is located. 

Highlight the design pattern in yellow. Explain why you used the pattern and didn’t just code directly.

# Section 4: Technical writing. Include the technical document that accompanied your capstone project.

# Section 5: UML. 

Include a UML diagram for parse elements

# Section 6: Design trade-offs

To be discussed later in the class

# Section 7: Software development life cycle model

Describe the model that you used to develop your capstone project. How did this model help and/or hinder your team?

We are using Test Driven Development (TDD) for this project